Effective on 2017-08-18

This privacy statement describes how nextt100 LLC collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Location Services

Some services on this site make use of location-based data. If you allow these services, we will use this information to provide the requested location-based service, not to identify you. You will be asked for your permission to enable any location-based services.
Collection and Use

We collect the following personal information from you:
Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our app you visited
Device Information.
As is true of most apps, we automatically gather information about your device such as the type and operating system.
We use this information to:
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preferences through your device or app settings depending on your device type. You can also contact us at admin@noapostroph3s.com. Improve our App and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Sharing Your Information

We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if nextt100 LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Tracking and Ads

We reserve the right to partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner would use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests
Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at admin@noapostroph3s.com
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes

We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
